Udate AAS Linux logging env vars (#31881)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_service/linux_code.md

: **Value**: false <br>
When `true`, log collection is automatically configured for the additional file path: `/home/LogFiles/*$COMPUTERNAME*.log`

`DD_AAS_INSTANCE_LOG_FILE_DESCRIPTOR`
: **Value**: An optional file descriptor used for more precise log tailing.<br>

> Reccommended for scenarios with high log rotation. For example, setting `_default_docker` will configure the log tailer to ignore rotated files and focus only on Azure's active log file.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recommended for scenarios with frequent log rotation. For example, setting `_default_docker` configures the log tailer to ignore rotated files and focus only on Azure's active log file.<br>
```
